hey guys its like before one bringing
you a review another view on Luke's
landspeeder the special edition this is
the new one brand new one it's a 2010 so
as always after those figures okay so
we'll start on the way over here this
this is just a random camera that comes
with it um that goes with the sand
trooper here just camera of a major all
right over here we've got Luke Skywalker
chrome lightsaber and its face tan sort
of long hair and then as always his
catalin Tatooine desert you and this is
Ben Kenobi pretty much Luke Ben Kenobi
and r2d2 and c3po they have not really
bought these figures brought back for
about 10 years outside about five years
or 15 15 or yeah 15 or 20 years so it's
it's quite it's been a while here we are
here we have Ben Kenobi chrome
lightsaber grey hair new face style I
would assume and then his seat Betty war
on Tatooine all right over here we've
got your normal sandtrooper gun sort of
a cape side cape that they have and
almost like a jetpack thing I think I
don't think it's a jetpack not really
sure what is over here we've got the
newly design r2d2 I think the only thing
new about it is the head of its guy
actually got a grey head everything else
is like more in detail so yeah 18 30d2
and then lastly we have the c-3po as
always he is always cool
and it's actually has been a very long
time since they brought him out or since
they brought back so so yes very neat
and of course remain for the set the
speeder landspeeder um pretty much the
same i would assume as in the 90s set
pretty sure they had a set like this in
90s to cedar right here steering wheel
this extra pops off like that and fly
down or whatever and this is x2 got like
an outer shell this I don't think does
under it and just rolls like that so um
yes that is the new landspeeder set I
came out 2010 once again I will say
special edition and overall i will give
this set in a plus it is a very very
very neat set so this leg reform one
signing out and i will catch you guys
later bye